README.md, before:

# UltimateLoRaTracker
Ultimate LoRa APRS Tracker for Heltec V1.2 htit Wireless Tracker, ESP32S3 + SX1262 +GPS LoRa Node, Meshtastic and LoRaWAN Compatible - 470~510MHz


<img width="800" height="800" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f8507c6c-0bed-4069-a20d-0016eeee5c5f" />


copy to desktop and unzip the Flash Tool folder, the file settings should remain saved, if you don't have their path and address in the photo.
FIRST TIME, use ERASE, only then Flash..

if you find it useful, please give it a star and follow, to be up to date with the latest improvements
Good luck and 73, de yo2ldk !!


 this is how it look:
![tr2](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/4848c884-dfa1-48fc-bc54-1a91cb13f042)
![tr1](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b210a467-f26c-4570-9c49-209d4272ee9a)


  This firmware is based on the work of Ricardo - CA2RXU (many TNX's) which I modified for my Heltec wireless Device, according to my needs and vision.
For now it is only available for this model, which I own and have had the opportunity to test, possibly in the future other models will be added.
  I needed to have a button to send beacons outside of the scheduled time, in case we are in a difficult propagation area and to study connectivity, 
so that we don't have to wait another 15 or 30 minutes until the next TX.
  I also wanted to keep the connectivity with the tracker, so that after saving the data (indicator, travel mode) it does not "disappear" but connects to the router 
 (you have to add its SSID and password in the settings page) or to the phone's hotspot, when you are in portable mode.
  Then I wanted it to be a button for the unpleasant case of emergencies, SOS, for those of us who travel on mountains and difficult routes, 
most of them without GSM signal coverage and, even if it is not needed, it is very useful in case of accidents or unwanted and unforeseen events, a solution to get help in desperate cases.
  For now, this is only possible through the UI on the web page, in the future I want to add a physical button for this,
but one that cannot be pressed accidentally but only in case of need, I'm still thinking about it.
                                  
                                  ONLY TO BE USED IN THESE CASES!!!

                                  
     Below are some photos to help you with scheduling and to give you an idea of ​​what it looks like.

     ![flash6 CONNECT IP](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/dcc841f3-9aa0-4880-8c87-52a3912f358f)
![flash5 CONNECT WIFI](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/480e788e-1827-4815-a83c-529afc4ab6c5)
![flash4 START](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/924f7052-67ec-4593-9405-a96e10b6b88d)
![flash3 ERASE](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/82c4978f-6ef2-432f-a07b-f1f1721220cb)
![flash2](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b0af5101-ff5b-45dd-875f-9bfebd09e402)
![flash1](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/8ff771cb-b8ef-460f-9156-0af13e5e443a)
![U L T APRS UI  lb romana1](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/036a4a62-cf12-4fd4-ad2e-f1ebf410e70f)
![U L T APRS UI  lb romana](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/dd562d9e-be24-4cb6-9031-6b2c489eda21)
![U L T APRS eng](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/70c9e26e-496e-44d6-8168-bbf1782df8f4)
![tr2](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/abd6677d-a93e-4471-8ace-8e335f7e42bc)
![tr1](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b3202427-add2-43b1-acd7-1fdf510cb2d5)
![SOS LORA2](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/9ce134bb-07dc-4227-8552-636e06e25684)
![SOS LORA1](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b50d91ed-7bd1-4125-8a51-6e6ff613480a)
![SOS LORA](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c66ca0db-ef5e-4787-8bda-2cf86b0e7b87)
![SOS LORA INCORECT](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f0773087-c5d0-4d5a-97bf-9834ccaeb5c7)

Commit message:

Update README with L.E. WEB Flasher link
Added link to L.E. WEB Flasher for easier programming.

README.md, after:

# UltimateLoRaTracker
Ultimate LoRa APRS Tracker for Heltec V1.2 htit Wireless Tracker, ESP32S3 + SX1262 +GPS LoRa Node, Meshtastic and LoRaWAN Compatible - 470~510MHz


<img width="800" height="800" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f8507c6c-0bed-4069-a20d-0016eeee5c5f" />


copy to desktop and unzip the Flash Tool folder, the file settings should remain saved, if you don't have their path and address in the photo.
FIRST TIME, use ERASE, only then Flash..

if you find it useful, please give it a star and follow, to be up to date with the latest improvements
Good luck and 73, de yo2ldk !!

L.E. WEB Flasher (which I was forced to do by my friend Jose Melo CT4TX) version for an more easy programming is here:

                          https://yo2ldk.github.io/WEB_FLASHER/
                          

 this is how it look:
![tr2](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/4848c884-dfa1-48fc-bc54-1a91cb13f042)
![tr1](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b210a467-f26c-4570-9c49-209d4272ee9a)


  This firmware is based on the work of Ricardo - CA2RXU (many TNX's) which I modified for my Heltec wireless Device, according to my needs and vision.
For now it is only available for this model, which I own and have had the opportunity to test, possibly in the future other models will be added.
  I needed to have a button to send beacons outside of the scheduled time, in case we are in a difficult propagation area and to study connectivity, 
so that we don't have to wait another 15 or 30 minutes until the next TX.
  I also wanted to keep the connectivity with the tracker, so that after saving the data (indicator, travel mode) it does not "disappear" but connects to the router 
 (you have to add its SSID and password in the settings page) or to the phone's hotspot, when you are in portable mode.
  Then I wanted it to be a button for the unpleasant case of emergencies, SOS, for those of us who travel on mountains and difficult routes, 
most of them without GSM signal coverage and, even if it is not needed, it is very useful in case of accidents or unwanted and unforeseen events, a solution to get help in desperate cases.
  For now, this is only possible through the UI on the web page, in the future I want to add a physical button for this,
but one that cannot be pressed accidentally but only in case of need, I'm still thinking about it.
                                  
                                  ONLY TO BE USED IN THESE CASES!!!

                                  
     Below are some photos to help you with scheduling and to give you an idea of ​​what it looks like.

     ![flash6 CONNECT IP](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/dcc841f3-9aa0-4880-8c87-52a3912f358f)
![flash5 CONNECT WIFI](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/480e788e-1827-4815-a83c-529afc4ab6c5)
![flash4 START](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/924f7052-67ec-4593-9405-a96e10b6b88d)
![flash3 ERASE](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/82c4978f-6ef2-432f-a07b-f1f1721220cb)
![flash2](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b0af5101-ff5b-45dd-875f-9bfebd09e402)
![flash1](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/8ff771cb-b8ef-460f-9156-0af13e5e443a)
![U L T APRS UI  lb romana1](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/036a4a62-cf12-4fd4-ad2e-f1ebf410e70f)
![U L T APRS UI  lb romana](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/dd562d9e-be24-4cb6-9031-6b2c489eda21)
![U L T APRS eng](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/70c9e26e-496e-44d6-8168-bbf1782df8f4)
![tr2](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/abd6677d-a93e-4471-8ace-8e335f7e42bc)
![tr1](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b3202427-add2-43b1-acd7-1fdf510cb2d5)
![SOS LORA2](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/9ce134bb-07dc-4227-8552-636e06e25684)
![SOS LORA1](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b50d91ed-7bd1-4125-8a51-6e6ff613480a)
![SOS LORA](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c66ca0db-ef5e-4787-8bda-2cf86b0e7b87)
![SOS LORA INCORECT](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f0773087-c5d0-4d5a-97bf-9834ccaeb5c7)
